hey YouTube it's Mortimer and today I
have a highly requested video I have
been getting requests for this video
ever since I started doing makeup
tutorials and I was so lucky that
glasses usa.com reached out to me and
said that they would sponsor this video
for you guys cuz they really wanted it
to happen so I am doing a video on
makeup tips for people who wear glasses
and according to recent research
seventy-five percent of people in
America actually wear glasses or some
kind of correctional vision equipment
that could be like special sunglasses
contact lenses or glasses and 75% of
Americans that's huge and I'm sure it's
just as many in other countries as well
so if you're watching this from outside
the US hi how's it goin Eila but today
I'm gonna be sharing some tips with you
guys
so I've done a lot of thinking about it
because I am there's a couple things I'm
cautious about when I do my makeup one
of my glasses but there really is no
rules about doing and not doing with
makeup when you wear glasses there's
really no like oh no Jane didn't do it
right today oh well we'll have to warn
her make sure she tested right tomorrow
there is no right way or wrong way to do
your makeup when you wear glasses but
there are ways to make your eyes pop
more to accentuate your entire face
instead of just your eyes um so I'm
gonna go ahead and talk about that today
in today's video so I hope you guys
enjoy it
and thanks again to glasses usa.com for
sponsoring this video for you guys I'm
gonna have links down below if you're
interested in those but I'm gonna go
ahead and get started with the tutorial
all right so I've already started off
with a light base I just gone ahead and
on my regular Foundation and concealer
underneath my eyes and just to make my
eyes look really crisp and bright and
I've also done a little bit of
contouring and blush just to kind of get
a fresh slate to start off with now when
doing eyeshadows don't do cream
eyeshadow or any kind of non dry
eyeshadow I find that due to how it's
already
moist with the moisture that the glasses
hold to your eyes it'll make it crease
up it'll make it look really ugly really
fast so don't do that also don't do
shimmer eyeshadows because you already
are gonna have a little bit of glare on
your glasses usually um so you don't
want it to look a little bit you know
Tayla flashy I like to keep with a
really matte eyeshadow and I find the
Kat Von D shade and light palette is
perfect for that
it's got lots of very neutral brown
colors which I'm gonna use this for
today's look so I'm gonna go ahead and
use this almost white almost gone shade
and then I'm also going to be using this
very light brown which comes in all any
brown natural set um so you can feel
free to use drugstore brand or high-end
I'm gonna go ahead and start with that
white base all over the eyelid alright
and I'm just gonna go ahead and Pat that
on I'm not going to brush it because you
get a better color payoff if it's patted
on and I like to do white because I'm
looking for more of that crisp look with
the with the eye I'm also going to bring
that up underneath the eyebrow just to
highlight the brow as well because brows
are very important through the frames
for your face and the glass is of course
accentuate those and as you can see I'm
putting a little bit underneath my eye
as well and I'm gonna go ahead and do
the same thing on the other side
all right so I'm going to just brush off
the excess and kind of blend it in a
little bit and then I'm going to take my
blending brush and I go ahead and kind
of fill that up with that brown and I'm
starting at the outer corner of my eye
kind of stumble it around in a circle
and then take that around and follow the
crease across just the outer part of the
Kreutz don't go towards the inner corner
of the eye and a little bit underneath
as well and just like that it's pretty
pretty fast but trying just to slow it
down stumble on the outer corner just
circle it around a couple times then
bring it up to the crease about to the
halfway point of the eye and then bring
it on down to the bottom heart just the
outer corner of the bottom and you're
done and that is the eye shadow super
easy super fresh looking it accentuates
the eyes without looking too busy
because we're gonna be having the
glasses on of course so you don't want
it to look like too much at least for a
daytime life in my opinion so next I'm
going to be using a liquid eyeliner I
recommend using a liquid eyeliner when
you're doing any look with glasses
because like I said the glasses really
holding humidity close to your eyes
which will cause your makeup to crease
up it'll also cause it to smudge
underneath your eye so I'm not going to
put any mascara or eyeliner underneath
my eye because that seems to be the
problem I have the most when I wear
glasses it seems to always smudge and
then I have really bad raccoon eyes
underneath my eyes it's a really bad
look alright so I'm gonna go ahead and
just line the top of my eye
feel free to go as thick as you want I'm
not gonna go like super crazy like I
normally do with my eyeliner you seeing
my other videos you know but I'm just
going to go for more of a clean-cut look
so now I'm gonna start with the outer
corner and pull it in to that top line
all right so I'm gonna decide where I
want the cat eye to end if I wanted to
come straight or if I want it to be
curved and I'm gonna go for a kind of an
Adele style straight across so I'm go
ahead and find the highest point of the
arch on the top of the eye and then come
from there over notice there's no like
swoop in the cat eye it's just straight
across and I'm gonna go ahead and go
from that outer corner and bring it in
only to the top of the outer lashes I'm
not gonna go underneath the eye at all
with this eyeliner all right and just
kind of pull let it breathe for a second
and then I go ahead and to the other eye
same thing gonna line the top and then
do that outer line
so next I get a lot of questions about
wearing fake eyelashes with glasses and
because I wear fake eyelashes a lot
especially when I go out and I do my
full like makeup look and they tend to
hit a like against the glasses and it's
really uncomfortable it can even cause
your eyelashes to pop off like if you're
wearing fake ones so if you have to wear
fake eyelashes with glasses here is a
secret tip go ahead and cut them in half
and then just use the outer corner just
on the outsides of your eyes don't do
the whole strip across the entire top of
your eye just the outer corner because
it's the front part of the lashes I hit
across the glasses when you're wearing
them and if you wear them just on the
edge they kind of go out to the side so
they don't rub against your glasses so
that's a little tip for you guys but if
you don't want to go the big eyelashes
route you can always go with a super
amplifying mascara and I recommend
wearing a waterproof mascara this will
stop it from rubbing off on to your
glasses because there's nothing worse
than having black streaks show up on
your glasses where your mascara is
hitting against them so waterproof will
help with that and with this look I'm
only gonna be putting the mascara on the
top lashes I'm not be putting on the
bottom lashes because like I said before
they tend to kind of get wet and melt
and kind of rub off underneath my eye
also if you're still worried about your
lashes being too long because my lashes
are pretty short I have pretty naturally
short straight lashes but if you have
really long curly lashes I recommend
curling them first and that way you have
them bent up in that angle so that
they're not hitting your glasses I
recommend doing just a light coat of
mascara first kind of like a hairspray
and then kind of bending them up curling
them so that they don't hit the glasses
and they stay in place
this always looks like a torture device
I promise it doesn't hurt okay
and I'm just gonna put another coat of
mascara on there that's that all right
so next of course is the eyebrows which
are the frames to the face but when
you're wearing glasses they take the
center stage so the first thing to
really look at when you buy glasses and
you do your makeup with them is to see
if they cover up your eyebrows and a
really important thing to look into when
you're picking out glasses is to
determine your face shape and then check
out which glasses right past with your
shape now because I have a rounder face
I find that having square glasses are
perfect for my face but it might be
different for you you can upload a
picture of yourself on their website and
then digitally try on glasses with your
face and see if you like how they look
and you have a more wider variety to try
on than if you were to say go to a store
so these are my glasses these are just
regular Ray Ban glasses and you can
totally see my eyebrows and this would
be great if you are going for you know
sparse eyebrow look I guess but I like
to have really full lashes so I'm gonna
go ahead and start no I know a lot of
people like to do a more natural eyebrow
when they're wearing glasses because
they don't want the glasses to rub off
their eyebrows so I'm gonna go ahead and
do just a light eyebrow quick with a
little powder this is just something
that is super easy to do just take a
little powder brush this is Excel
eyebrow powder I got this when I was in
Japan last but a lot of companies make
eyebrow powder and this is just a
regular foam applicator and I'm just
gonna go ahead and kind of rub that
around my eyebrow
and I also like to extend the eyebrow
longer that normally is just to kind of
give it a more filled-in look so here
you can see one eyebrow done and one
regular eyebrow you can see that it's a
huge difference um I always recommend
doing your eyebrows vedere makeup
because if you do and it kind of looks
like something's a little bit off it
really gives you that extra finished
edge on your makeup look here you can
see what a difference having strong
brows versus very nuded more natural
brows makes when you have glasses on so
here are both of my eyebrows done the
more natural style now of course you can
also do them filled in a little bit more
which is what I usually like to do or
you can do them super thick outlined
eyebrows but it's totally your choice
it's your style I recommend doing it
however you like but your eyebrows can
totally change your whole look now
because I'm wearing glasses a day this
is kind of a laid-back day for me if I
was going all out with makeup I would
probably go ahead and do contacts with
my look but because this is kind of like
a laid-back look for me at least and a
very clean natural looking makeup look
I'm not gonna go ahead and do a very
bold lip like with lipstick or lip liner
and stuff like that I just have a plain
glass on right now but I do recommend
trying it out and experimenting how it
looks with your face because glasses
tend to keep the entire focus around the
eyes which leaves the rest of the face
looking kind of washed out so if you
really want to pull the entire look
together I definitely recommend putting
on a lipstick a bold lip just to kind of
pull the focus on the entire face
instead of Joseph E Ives but then again
if you have a very unique face it can be
a little bit overpowering to have just
strong makeup look it can really
overpower your entire outfit so it's
best for you to play around with it on
your own and see how you think it looks
so here you can see what a difference it
makes to have a muted lip versus having
a bold lip when you're wearing glasses
it really does kind of bring together
the whole face and this is the
you finished look of course you can do
it any way you want but this is just my
natural glasses look and this is just
how I would normally see what advising
me wearing my glasses that day so if you
have any questions or comments go ahead
and leave those down below and if you're
interested in trying out glasses and
getting one cheap online I definitely
recommend glasses usa.com
although their glasses are up to 70% off
retail prices and even the brands that
they have on their website that aren't
like name brands are still made out of
the same stuff as the really expensive
glasses so don't feel like you have to
get a designer pair of sunglasses or
glasses because they're all pretty much
made in the same Factory
so you can choose them all of them on
glasses EOS a calm and they have returns
so if you get one you don't like you can
always return it and yeah they were
super easy to work with so how the link
they let down below if you have any
questions or comments or tips that I
minced go ahead and leave those in the
comments so we can share with each other
and kind of have like a communal
gathering of the minds for glasses tips
so and please please please don't worry
to that subscribe button and don't
forget I have so many more awesome
videos coming up you guys just don't
want to miss and I'll see you guys all
next time
bye everybody
[Music]